it doesn't get better than this
a fudgy brownie base topped with sweet
dolce de leche
and rich orange cheesecake three layers
of deliciousness
surely it's our life's mission to eat
the best
brownie that is literally all i do and
this is the best brownie you will ever
make
and i'm starting with that brownie base
250 grams of dark chocolate
and 250 grams of unsalted butter and
turn the heat on
really low like the lowest heat you can
get it
add 280 grams of brown sugar to four
eggs and whiz till light and fluffy
it's a lovely kind of light almost
caramelly color
and it's tripled in size so now i'm
gonna add
my chocolate mixture
i think chocolate is one of those things
it's like when you when you're in a
crowded room
and someone says i don't like chocolate
often that comment is enough to stop a
whole conversation
because i think most of us really like
chocolate
but i can see why it makes you feel good
[Music]
then add 120 grams of plain flour we
don't want any raising agents in there
if you want that lovely dense brownie
you don't add self-raising flour because
you get a lift
then it becomes cake when i'm making
cake
[Music]
i want to make my brownies taste as
chocolaty as possible
and for that i have a secret weapon
instant
coffee this brownie is not going to
taste like coffee but what coffee does
it enhances the flavor of the cocoa
and you take your brownie to a whole
other place it's like a
chocolate cocoa flavored explosion in
goes 30 grams of cocoa powder
straight in my cooled coffee
and a pinch of salt and then give that a
quick stir
my kids love brownies that's their
favorite thing my daughter has a very
special name she calls these brownies
turn your frowny upside downy brownie
and i mean she's not wrong they do turn
your frownies upside down
me i'm ramping up the cocoa content with
chocolate chips
adding a teaspoon of flour for a nifty
little trick
but by adding the flour what they do is
they cling on
so what will happen is when i mix it in
they'll suspend themselves
throughout the brownie mix without
sinking right down to the bottom
[Music]
pop that chocolatey mix into the oven
of course you could stop here and have a
perfectly good brownie
but i'm going all out on this baby
what's chilled it's time for layer
number two
so i've got 450 grams of dulce de leche
which is like salted caramel it's
evaporated milk that's boiled for so
long i mean this is how good it is just
watch
anything that comes out this slow is
good
look at it go
[Music]
for a bit of crunch i'm adding 200 grams
of toasted hazelnuts
in my book a brownie isn't a brownie
without nuts
and that's going to be our second layer
if this isn't exciting you
then you are dead inside
then back into the freezer for half an
hour before i start on my final layer
cheesecake to make the
ultimate brownie i wanted to put
everything that i really like
i love chocolate i love dolce de leche
and i love
cheesecake so i put them all together
and did they work
yes they did i've got 300 grams
of cream cheese to that i'm adding two
eggs
100 grams of caster sugar the zest of an
orange
i want to make this really zesty and
fresh and i want it to be
a complete contrast from the chocolate
and the dulce de leche
almond extract and a tablespoon of flour
i think i have made enough brownie
blocks
to build a whole house a decent sized
house three bed
two bathroom shed maybe
that many brownies so i'm going to
pour our very last layer on top
that goes back in the oven for 30
minutes
then into the fridge to cool overnight
you could cheat and get it out earlier
but i promise you this is one brownie
that's worth
the wait
okay okay okay i know you want to look
inside and you want to see this brownie
that we work so hard to make
i very rarely think that this brownie
makes me sing
i just want to pick it up for my final
flourish
a dusting of cocoa okay
my heart races a little bit disappear
alright cut something
we've got dark chocolate chip filled
brownie
then we've got dolce de leche and
roasted hazelnut
and then we've got orange cheesecake and
just to finish it off we've got some
cocoa
[Music]
there you have it the brownie to end all
brownies i mean
if you're gonna have a brownie make it
the ultimate one
[Music]
money can't buy you happiness
but brownies can